Update doc for knative deploy on IBMCloudPrivate (#660)
knative/docs: install/Knative-with-ICP.md

# Knative Install on IBM Cloud Private

This guide walks you through the installation of the latest version of
[Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) using pre-built images and
demonstrates creating and deploying an image of a sample `hello world` app onto
the newly created Knative cluster.

You can find [guides for other platforms here](README.md).

## Before you begin

Knative requires an [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster v3.1.1. See [Installing IBM Cloud Private Cloud Native, Enterprise, and Community editions](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html) in the IBM Knowledge Center for install instructions.

> 1: [Install Docker for your boot node only](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#prep_boot)

Reviewer: Change to typical ordered list format 1: --> 1.

Author: Done

2: [Set up the installation environment](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#setup)

3: [Customize your cluster](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#customize)

4: [Set up Docker for your cluster nodes](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#cluster_nodes)

5: [Deploy the environment](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#deploy)

6: [Verify the status of your installation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#verify)

## Installing Istio

Follow the [instructions](https://istio.io/docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start-ibm/#ibm-cloud-private) to install and run Istio in [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private).

> ## Installing Knative Serving

Author: Done

> Next, install [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving):

Reviewer: Can you number these steps or add additional formatting so it's easier to follow?

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/release-lite.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

> If the `image-security-enforcement` enabled when you install [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private). You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) allow to pull the knative image.

Author: Done

> If the `image-security-enforcement` enabled when you install [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private). You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) allow to pull the knative image.

Author: Done

> Using the following commend get the image security policy.

Author: Done

```

> kubectl get clusterimagepolicies

Reviewer: Add a space or other separation between the command and print out (it's hard to see the difference). Same as below.

Author: Done

NAME                                    AGE
ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy   27m
```

Then edit the image security policy.
```
kubectl edit clusterimagepolicies ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy
```

> Update spec.repositories by adding "gcr.io/knative-releases/*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `spec.repositories` by adding `"gcr.io/knative-releases/*"`
```

Author: Done

> ```

Author: Done

spec:
  repositories:
  - name: "gcr.io/knative-releases/*"
```

> Put the namespaces `knative-serving`, `knative-build`, `knative-monitoring` and `knative-eventing` into pod security policy `ibm-privileged-psp` as follows.

Reviewer: How/What are you putting? How does this relate to the command below?

Author: Done

ibm-anyuid-hostpath-psp     false     SETPCAP,AUDIT_WRITE,CHOWN,NET_RAW,DAC_OVERRIDE,FOWNER,FSETID,KILL,SETUID,SETGID,NET_BIND_SERVICE,SYS_CHROOT,SETFCAP   RunAsAny   RunAsAny           RunAsAny    RunAsAny    false            *
ibm-anyuid-psp              false     SETPCAP,AUDIT_WRITE,CHOWN,NET_RAW,DAC_OVERRIDE,FOWNER,FSETID,KILL,SETUID,SETGID,NET_BIND_SERVICE,SYS_CHROOT,SETFCAP   RunAsAny   RunAsAny           RunAsAny    RunAsAny    false            configMap,emptyDir,projected,secret,downwardAPI,persistentVolumeClaim
ibm-privileged-psp          true      *                                                                                                                     RunAsAny   RunAsAny           RunAsAny    RunAsAny    false            *
ibm-restricted-psp          false                                                                                                                           RunAsAny   MustRunAsNonRoot   MustRunAs   MustRunAs   false            configMap,emptyDir,projected,secret,downwardAPI,persistentVolumeClaim
```

> Create a cluster role for the pod security policy resource. The resourceNames for this role must be the name of the pod security policy that was created previous. Here we use ``ibm-privileged-psp``.

Author: Done

> Create a YAML file for the cluster role.

Reviewer: Add a space between this line and line above.
```suggestion
Create a YAML file for the cluster role with the following command:
```

Author: Done

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
 name: knative-role
rules:
 -
   apiGroups:
     - extensions
   resourceNames:
     - ibm-privileged-psp
   resources:
     - podsecuritypolicies
   verbs:
     - use
EOF
```
The output resembles the following code:
```
clusterrole "knative-role" created
```

> Set up cluster role binding for the service account in knative namespace. By using this role binding, you can set the service accounts in the namespace to use the pod security policy that you created.

Author: Done

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f - 
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
 name: knative-serving-psp-users
roleRef:
 apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
 kind: ClusterRole
 name: knative-role
subjects:
 -
   apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
   kind: Group
   name: "system:serviceaccounts:knative-serving"
EOF
```

> You can use the same mothed add the other knative namespaces to `ibm-privileged-psp` pod security policy.

Author: Done

## Installing Knative components

You can install the Knative Serving and Build components together, or individually.

### Installing Knative Serving and Build components

Run the following command to deploy [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) and [Knative Build](https://github.com/knative/build)

```shell
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/release-lite.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Installing Knative Serving only

Replace `release-lite.yaml` to `serving.yaml` file, and then run the following command:

```shell
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/serving.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Installing Knative Build only

Replace `release-lite.yaml` to `build.yaml` file, and then run the following command:

```shell
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/build.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Update the image security policy

> You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) to allow the cluster to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.

Reviewer 2: This says "at the time of installation" & "to pull the Knative image", both of which make it sound like this security policy needs to be created before you run the "kubctl apply" commands to install Knative.

Does the whole "Update the image security policy" section need to move up before the "Installing Knative components" steps?

Author: Yes, you are right. The section **Update the image security policy** and **Update pod security policy** are all need to move up before the "Installing Knative components" steps. I put this two section after "install IBM Cloud Private"

1. Edit the image security policy.
    ```
    kubectl edit clusterimagepolicies ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy
    ```

2. Update `spec.repositories` by adding `"gcr.io/knative-releases/*"`
    ```yaml
    spec:
      repositories:
      - name: "gcr.io/knative-releases/*"
    ```

### Update pod security policy

> Configure the namespaces `knative-serving`, `knative-build`, `knative-monitoring` and `knative-eventing` into pod security policy `ibm-privileged-psp`. The step as follows:

Reviewer 2: We have only provided steps to install Serving and Build, not Eventing nor Monitoring. This will be confusing to someone new and they might think they actually get those features too.

They should be removed or otherwise, it should be clarified that those policies are optional for if you choose to install them at a later time.

That said, are there issues/vulnerabilities with setting unnecessary security policies?

Author: The yaml `release-lite.yaml` include the namespace `knative-monitoring`, so I keep `knative-monitoring` and remove the namespace `knative-eventing` . And I put this section before install  knative.

The security policies here is necessary.  Knative pod can't run normally if the we don't set the security policies.

      command to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode.

Now you can deploy an app to your newly created Knative cluster.

## Deploying an app

Now that your cluster has Knative installed, you're ready to deploy an app.

If you'd like to follow a step-by-step guide for deploying your first app on
Knative, check out the
[Getting Started with Knative App Deployment](getting-started-knative-app.md)
guide.

If you'd like to view the available sample apps and deploy one of your choosing,
head to the [sample apps](../serving/samples/README.md) repo.

*Note*: When looking up the IP address to use for accessing your app, you need to look up
  the NodePort for the `knative-ingressgateway` as well as the IP address used for ICP.
  You can use the following command to look up the value to use for the {IP_ADDRESS} placeholder
  used in the samples:
  ```shell
  echo $(ICP cluster ip):$(kubectl get svc knative-ingressgateway --namespace istio-system \
  --output 'jsonpath={.spec.ports[?(@.port==80)].nodePort}')
  ```

## Cleaning up

Delete the cluster on [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private):

```shell

> curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/release-lite.yaml \

Reviewer 2: The options for `serving.yaml` and `build.yaml` are provided above and are not mentioned here. If users decided to follow one of the alternatives, this command will fail.

Author: Done

4. [Set up Docker for your cluster nodes](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#cluster_nodes)

5. [Deploy the environment](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#deploy)

6. [Verify the status of your installation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#verify)

## Installing Istio

Follow the [instructions](https://istio.io/docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start-ibm/#ibm-cloud-private) to install and run Istio in [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private).

## Installing Knative components

You can install the Knative Serving and Build components together, or Build on its own.

### Installing Knative Serving and Build components

Run the following command to deploy [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) and [Knative Build](https://github.com/knative/build)

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/release-lite.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

> You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) allow to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.

Reviewer 3: I would add a descriptive heading for these steps around the image security policy, to group all these commands together.

Author: Done

> You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) allow to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) to allow the cluster to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.
```

Author: Done

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f - 
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
 name: knative-serving-psp-users
roleRef:
 apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
 kind: ClusterRole
 name: knative-role
subjects:
 -
   apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
   kind: Group
   name: "system:serviceaccounts:knative-serving"
EOF
```

Use the same method to add the other Knative namespaces to the `ibm-privileged-psp` pod security policy.

Monitor the Knative components until all of the components show a `STATUS` of
`Running`:

```
kubectl get pods --namespace knative-serving
kubectl get pods --namespace knative-build
```

Just as with the Istio components, it will take a few seconds for the Knative
components to be up and running; you can rerun the command to see the current status.

> Note: Instead of rerunning the command, you can add `--watch` to the above
  command to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode.

Now you can deploy an app to your newly created Knative cluster.

> ### Installing Knative Build only

Reviewer 3: Since this is an option to install Build alone, this should go right after the section on "Installing Knative Serving and Build components," so right at line 43.

# Knative Install on IBM Cloud Private

This guide walks you through the installation of the latest version of

> [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) using pre-built images and

Author: Done

demonstrates creating and deploying an image of a sample `hello world` app onto

> the newly created Knative cluster.

Author: Done

You can find [guides for other platforms here](README.md).

## Before you begin

> Knative requires an [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster v3.1.1. See [Installing IBM Cloud Private Cloud Native, Enterprise, and Community editions](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html) in the IBM Knowledge Center for install instructions.

Reviewer 2: It looks like all the steps in the [KC topic](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html)  should be taken? 

If that is true, lets clarify/state that, and also provide only a single link because right now with the 6 separate links, we are asking the user to switch back and forth between the same page multiple times. 

I think you could also leave in the list but remove the links.

Author: @RichieEscarez  Yes, all the steps in the KC topic should be taken.  I wrote all the steps in the the previous review versions.  But it seems a little redundant. So I simplify it. 

I think I just keep the KC topic link here and remove the six separate links.  User follow the step from KC link to install the IBM Cloud Private.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, please revise to:

```suggestion
Knative requires a v3.1.1 standard [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster. 
Before you can install Knative, you must first complete all the steps that are provided in the 
[IBM Cloud Private standard cluster installation instructions](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html).
```

Author: Done

> Knative requires an [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster v3.1.1. See [Installing IBM Cloud Private Cloud Native, Enterprise, and Community editions](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html) in the IBM Knowledge Center for install instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Knative requires an [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster v3.1.1. 
 
 [Complete all the steps in the IBM Cloud Private installation instructions to create your standard? or HA? cluster](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html), for example:
```

Does it matter what type of cluster (standard vs HA)?

Author: The [KC topic](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html) is standard cluster installation.

1. [Install Docker for your boot node only](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#prep_boot)

2. [Set up the installation environment](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#setup)

3. [Customize your cluster](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#customize)

4. [Set up Docker for your cluster nodes](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#cluster_nodes)

5. [Deploy the environment](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#deploy)

6. [Verify the status of your installation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html#verify)

## Installing Istio

> Follow the [instructions](https://istio.io/docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start-ibm/#ibm-cloud-private) to install and run Istio in [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private).

Author: Done

## Installing Knative components

> You can install the Knative Serving and Build components together, or Build on its own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 You can install the Knative Serving and Build components together, or individually.
```

There is now a `serving.yaml` that you can use to install only the Serving component.

Author: Done

### Installing Knative Serving and Build components

Run the following command to deploy [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) and [Knative Build](https://github.com/knative/build)

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/release-lite.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

> ### Installing Knative Build only

Reviewer 2: @samodell 
Maybe we remove this section all together and make the serving/build bundles the "default" for these host specific guides?

Instead just comment that "there are also [advanced instructions to learn how to customize your Knative installation and install only the components that you want](Knative-custom-install.md)"

Reviewer 2: marking this resolved since there is now a PR to remove the "bundle package" [PR 2821](https://github.com/knative/serving/pull/2821)

Just replace `release-lite.yaml` to `build.yaml` file, the other steps are all the same as above.

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/build.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Update the image security policy
You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) to allow the cluster to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.

> Enter the following command to view the current image security policy:

Reviewer 2: Why no ordered list here? I think it will help break up this section if we turn this into three distinct steps.

Author: Done

```
kubectl get clusterimagepolicies

NAME                                    AGE
ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy   27m
```

Then edit the image security policy.
```
kubectl edit clusterimagepolicies ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy
```

Update `spec.repositories` by adding `"gcr.io/knative-releases/*"`
```yaml
spec:
  repositories:
  - name: "gcr.io/knative-releases/*"
```

### Update pod security policy
Configure the namespaces `knative-serving`, `knative-build`, `knative-monitoring` and `knative-eventing` into pod security policy `ibm-privileged-psp`. The step as follows:

1. Check the pod security policy in [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private).
```

> kubectl get psp

Reviewer 2: Global comment: 
Please indent all these code blocks to nest them under the steps
```suggestion
   kubectl get psp
```

```

2. Create a cluster role for the pod security policy resource. The resourceNames for this role must be the name of the pod security policy that was created previous. Here we use `ibm-privileged-psp`. Run the following command:
```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
 name: knative-role
rules:
 -
   apiGroups:
     - extensions
   resourceNames:
     - ibm-privileged-psp
   resources:
     - podsecuritypolicies
   verbs:
     - use
EOF
```

3. Set up cluster role binding for the service account in Knative namespace. By using this role binding, you can set the service accounts in the namespace to use the pod security policy that you created.
```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f - 
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
 name: knative-serving-psp-users
roleRef:
 apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
 kind: ClusterRole
 name: knative-role
subjects:
 -
   apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
   kind: Group
   name: "system:serviceaccounts:knative-serving"
EOF
```

> Use the same method to add the other Knative namespaces to the `ibm-privileged-psp` pod security policy.

Reviewer 2: This looks like a separate step.

Also can we list what the "other Knative namespaces" are that need to be added?
```suggestion
4. Use the same method to add the other Knative namespaces to the `ibm-privileged-psp` pod security policy.
```

Author: Done

> Monitor the Knative components until all of the components show a `STATUS` of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Ensure that the installation was successful by running the following commands until both of the Knative components show a `STATUS` of
```

Author: Done

`Running`:

```
kubectl get pods --namespace knative-serving
kubectl get pods --namespace knative-build
```

> Just as with the Istio components, it will take a few seconds for the Knative

Reviewer 2: The Istio install instructions that are used are the IBM steps and I dont think it refers to the delay.
```suggestion
 It might take a few seconds for the Knative
```

Author: Done

components to be up and running; you can rerun the command to see the current status.

> Note: Instead of rerunning the command, you can add `--watch` to the above
  command to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode.

Now you can deploy an app to your newly created Knative cluster.

## Deploying an app

Now that your cluster has Knative installed, you're ready to deploy an app.

If you'd like to follow a step-by-step guide for deploying your first app on
Knative, check out the
[Getting Started with Knative App Deployment](getting-started-knative-app.md)
guide.

If you'd like to view the available sample apps and deploy one of your choosing,
head to the [sample apps](../serving/samples/README.md) repo.

> > Note: When looking up the IP address to use for accessing your app, you need to look up

Reviewer 2: The markdown note and codeblock are disconnected here. Maybe just use bold?
```suggestion
*Note*: When looking up the IP address to use for accessing your app, you need to look up
```

Author: Done

  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Installing Knative Serving only

Replace `release-lite.yaml` to `serving.yaml` file, the other steps are all the same as above.

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/serving.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Installing Knative Build only

Replace `release-lite.yaml` to `build.yaml` file, the other steps are all the same as above.

```
curl -L https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/build.yaml \
  | sed 's/LoadBalancer/NodePort/' \
  | kubectl apply --filename -
```

### Update the image security policy
You need to update the [image security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/manage_images/image_security.html) to allow the cluster to pull the Knative image when you enable the `image-security-enforcement` at the time of [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) installation.

1. Enter the following command to view the current image security policy:
    ```
    kubectl get clusterimagepolicies

> 

Reviewer 4: kill this

Author: Done

    NAME                                    AGE
    ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy   27m
    ```

2. Then edit the image security policy.
    ```
    kubectl edit clusterimagepolicies ibmcloud-default-cluster-image-policy
    ```

3. Update `spec.repositories` by adding `"gcr.io/knative-releases/*"`
    ```yaml
    spec:
      repositories:
      - name: "gcr.io/knative-releases/*"
    ```

### Update pod security policy
Configure the namespaces `knative-serving`, `knative-build`, `knative-monitoring` and `knative-eventing` into pod security policy `ibm-privileged-psp`. The step as follows:

1. Check the pod security policy in [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private).
    ```
    kubectl get psp

> 

Reviewer 4: kill this

Author: Done

      command to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode.

Now you can deploy an app to your newly created Knative cluster.

## Deploying an app

Now that your cluster has Knative installed, you're ready to deploy an app.

If you'd like to follow a step-by-step guide for deploying your first app on
Knative, check out the
[Getting Started with Knative App Deployment](getting-started-knative-app.md)
guide.

If you'd like to view the available sample apps and deploy one of your choosing,
head to the [sample apps](../serving/samples/README.md) repo.

*Note*: When looking up the IP address to use for accessing your app, you need to look up
  the NodePort for the `knative-ingressgateway` as well as the IP address used for ICP.
  You can use the following command to look up the value to use for the {IP_ADDRESS} placeholder
  used in the samples:
  ```shell
  echo $(ICP cluster ip):$(kubectl get svc knative-ingressgateway --namespace istio-system \
  --output 'jsonpath={.spec.ports[?(@.port==80)].nodePort}')
  ```

## Cleaning up

Delete the cluster on [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private):

> ```shell

Reviewer 4: How about adding `shell` for other `curl` command?

Author: Done

# Knative Install on IBM Cloud Private

This guide walks you through the installation of the latest version of
[Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/serving) using pre-built images and
demonstrates creating and deploying an image of a sample `hello world` app onto
the newly created Knative cluster.

You can find [guides for other platforms here](README.md).

## Before you begin

Knative requires an [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/private) cluster v3.1.1. See [Installing IBM Cloud Private Cloud Native, Enterprise, and Community editions]((https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSBS6K_3.1.1/installing/install_containers.html)) in the IBM Knowledge Center for install instructions.

> ### Step 1: Install Docker for your boot node only

Reviewer 4: I think we do not need step 1 to step 5, just navigate this to IBM Cloud Private KC is good enough.

Also please navigate to IBM Cloud Private CE version, as EE version is not free.

Reviewer 2: If pointing out to the IBM Cloud Private KC includes only the steps covered here in 1-5, then yes, I agree that simply linking to those steps is ok.

BUT, if the linked page contains a bunch of unnecessary steps or requirements, then its a poor user experience to link out to a separate set of instructions and therefore, its better to include steps 1-5 here.
